Today is the Hundred Days of the Child.
I don't know what gifts I will give to my son.
Mom, I don't know.
Master
Why didn't the emperor make the little prince?
Queen Doan Fei of Yan Hy Palace is pregnant
I heard they're twins.
View Queen Hi Quy Phi
These are the hundred-day gifts that the emperor prepared for Page Nhi.
Bao Chau sister
Is this not a crown of jewels?
The Queen gave the order.
Immediately go to the embassy and marry.
Harmony body
Today is the Little Prince's Day.
The emperor let his master marry again.
Mom.
I told you before.
You will be betrayed by your loved ones and the people on your pillow.
It really all comes true.
Ok you go
Someone wants the bow to disappear.
Then I'll do as he wants.